Link to kerberos add-on was leading to a 404 page (#338)
neo4j/driver-documentation: common-content/modules/ROOT/partials/client-applications.adoc

[NOTE]
--

> The Kerberos authentication token can only be understood by the server if the server has the link:/docs/kerberos-add-on/current/[Kerberos Add-on] installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kerberos authentication token can only be understood by the server if the server has the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/kerberos-add-on[Kerberos Add-on] installed.
```

The `neo4j-docs-base-uri` has just been added (this morning!) and will always resolve correctly whether you are building locally with _preview.yml_ or publishing with _publish.yml_.
